README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## HypeBeast

**What Will The Application Do?**

HypeBeast is an application to keep track of fashionable items, especially clothes and shoes. Users of **HypeBeast**
will be able to add clothing and shoes into their collection, while also being able to remove it. **HypeBeast** also
includes other features such as viewing all of your items and viewing the size of your collection. 

**Who Will Use It?**

As the street wear market is growing exponentially and more people are getting involved in reselling, **HypeBeast** will 
provide resellers a way to keep track of their items in a collection. Rather than keeping record of their pieces by 
visual, **HypeBeast** is a simple application that enables people to keep a digital record of their inventory.

**Why Is This Project Of Interest To You?**

As a street wear collector and reseller myself, the most irritating thing is losing track of my collection. However,
with **HypeBeast**, it provides a way of recording all of my pieces - I will be able to have a list of clothes and 
shoes with information including its brand, model, colourway, and many more.

Commit message:

Added Phase 1 Task 3, user stories

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project

## HypeBeast

**What Will The Application Do?**

HypeBeast is an application to keep track of fashionable items, especially clothes and shoes. Users of **HypeBeast**
will be able to add clothing/shoes into their collection, while also being able to remove it. **HypeBeast** also
includes other features such as viewing all of your items and viewing the number of pieces in your collection.

**Who Will Use It?**

As the street wear market is growing exponentially and more people are getting involved in reselling, **HypeBeast** will 
provide resellers a way to keep track of their items in a collection. Rather than keeping record of their pieces by 
visual, **HypeBeast** is a simple application that enables people to keep a digital record of their inventory.

**Why Is This Project Of Interest To You?**

As a street wear collector and reseller myself, the most irritating thing is losing track of my collection. However,
with **HypeBeast**, it provides a way of recording all of my pieces - I will be able to have a list of clothing/shoes 
with information including its brand, model, colourway, and many more.

## User Stories 

- As a user, I want to be able to add clothing/shoes to my collection
- As a user, I want to be able to remove clothing/shoes in my collection
- As a user, I want to be able to view clothing/shoes in my collection
- As a user, I want to be able to view the number of pieces in my collection
